Remove beta tag and updated Pie chart Pie chart topic title (#34019)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/time-series/_index.md

# Time series panel

> > **Note:** Time series panel is going to replace the Graph panel in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Time series panel is going to replace the Graph panel in a future release.
```
